Translation corrections (#496)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_005.txt

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>売店女</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Woman at shop</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/vt2b_baitf1001", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「いえいえ、たくさん買ってくれるお客さんは大歓迎だから」",

> 			NULL, "\"Nonsense, customers who buy a lot are always welcome.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Nonsense, paying customers are always welcome.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれはある種、自分たちは無関係、という安心感から生み出された産物なのかもしれない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それはある種、自分たちは無関係、という安心感から生み出された産物なのかもしれない。",

> 			NULL, "Perhaps it was caused out of a desire to make the rest of us feel some sense of security from how it had nothing to do with us.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Perhaps it was born from a desire to make the rest of us feel some sense of security about how it had nothing to do with us.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100463", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「噂好きというか、真実よりも刺激を求めたがる層を狙っている上、",

> 			NULL, "\"Not only did the target that rumor-loving demographic who seeks more stimulation than the truth.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Not only did they target the rumor-loving demographic who seeks more stimulation than the truth.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100464", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…情報に対して正確性を期するという責任から巧妙に逃れている」",

> 			NULL, " ...But they're also cleverly running away from the responsibility of providing accurate information.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...But they're also cleverly dodging the responsibility of providing accurate information.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rしかも、この手の情報を好むと思われる女性層と青少年層は情報の吸収と流布が早く、風評を形成する上でその影響力は決して無視できないものがある。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかも、この手の情報を好むと思われる女性層と青少年層は情報の吸収と流布が早く、風評を形成する上でその影響力は決して無視できないものがある。",

> 			NULL, "Plus, it seems that women and children are able to absorb and disseminate this sort of information faster, leading to rumors, so its influence can't be ignored.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Plus, it seems that women and children are able to absorb and disseminate this sort of information faster, causing rumors to spread, so its influence can't be ignored.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rゆえにそれらの層が、もし雛見沢で起きたこと、そしてそれにまつわる妄言や迷信を自己解釈で受け入れて、周囲にも広めるようなことがあれば——？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ゆえにそれらの層が、もし雛見沢で起きたこと、そしてそれにまつわる妄言や迷信を自己解釈で受け入れて、周囲にも広めるようなことがあれば——？",

> 			NULL, "Therefore, what would happen if those demographics took in what happened in Hinamizawa and those rash remarks and superstitions surrounding it however they liked, and spread that around them....?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "So, what would happen if those demographics learned what happened in Hinamizawa and interpreted those rash remarks and superstitions surrounding it however they liked, then spread that around them....?", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100469", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「ここまで影響が出ているとはねぇ…。",
			NULL, "\"I never imagined the impact would be this intense...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100470", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "こりゃあ、予想を超える早さですよ。",
			NULL, " Really though, things are moving faster than I expected.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100471", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "この情報が大メディアでも報じられるようになれば…」",

> 			NULL, " If even mass media is reporting this information by now, then...\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " If even the mass media is reporting this information by now, then...\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそうした心の動きをよく心得ている、…ということか？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そうした心の動きをよく心得ている、…ということか？",

> 			NULL, " So he's saying... it's someone well acquainted with those workings of the human heart?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So he's saying... it's someone well acquainted with the workings of the human heart?", Line_Normal);
```

//rとなると、ガス災害以前に村の外へ移住した御三家の一族で、現在居場所が判明している家族は——。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "となると、ガス災害以前に村の外へ移住した御三家の一族で、現在居場所が判明している家族は——。",

> 			NULL, "Which meant that the family who was part of the Three Families, who had moved out of the village before the great disaster, who the public was currently trying to find, was...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Which meant that the family among the Three Families, who had moved out of the village before the great disaster, who the public was currently trying to find, was...", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500461", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『状況的にお気持ちは理解できますが、…お二人とも今回の件は少々、性急に過ぎます。",

> 			NULL, "\"Even though I can understand how you were feeling in that moment... both of you are far too hasty when it came to this one.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Even though I can understand how you were feeling in that moment... both of you were far too hasty when it came to this one.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"...A girl at that age is very delicate.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500468", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "私たち警察にとってはマニュアルどおりの接触でも、やり方を間違えれば一生ものの傷になることだってあります。",

> 			NULL, " So even if we police officers make contact strictly by the book, a single mistake could be scar her for life.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " So even if we police officers make contact strictly by the book, a single mistake could scar her for life.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#a59da9>大石</color>", NULL, "<color=#a59da9>Ooishi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100515", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「まぁ、嫌な事件の連続でしたからね。",

> 			NULL, "\"Well, it has been one nasty incident after the next.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Well, it has been one nasty incident after another.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

			NULL, "\"Well, I'm sure Tomoe-chan will be able to get something done.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100519", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "なんせ、元々は少年係の女性警官でしたからね。私たちよりも場慣れはしていると思いますよ」",

> 			NULL, " After all, handling juveniles used to be her main post. I'm sure she's more used to  this than us.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " After all, handling juveniles used to be her main post. I'm sure she's more used to this than us.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rやはり彼も一連の事件で危機感、そして焦燥感を抱いていたために、その苛立ちからつい強引に急いて、仕損じてしまったということだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "やはり彼も一連の事件で危機感、そして焦燥感を抱いていたために、その苛立ちからつい強引に急いて、仕損じてしまったということだろう。",

> 			NULL, "He too could tell just dangerous these series of incidents were, and because of his impatience, that irritation drove him to be pushy, which led to this mistake.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "He too could tell just how dangerous these series of incidents were, and because of his impatience that irritation drove him to be aggressive, which led to this mistake.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Akasaka-san.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100524", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "ああ見えて、巴ちゃんはちゃんと言葉に責任を持ってくれる子です。",

> 			NULL, " Despite how she may look, Tomoe-chan makes sure to take responsibility with her words.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Despite how she may look, Tomoe-chan makes sure to take responsibility for her words.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 11, "ps3/s08/11/321100525", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "力になってくれると言ったからには、それ相応のことをしてくれると思います」",

> 			NULL, " She said she'd help us, and I believe she will pull through on that.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " She said she'd help us, so I believe she'll pull through on that.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#9d7f69>巴</color>", NULL, "<color=#9d7f69>Tomoe</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 28, "ps3/s08/28/320500529", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "（さて、…どう話を持っていこうかな）",
			NULL, "(Now then... how to bring it up with her?)", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r当たり障りのない学校の話を振ったり、相づちを打ったりして場を和ませながら、巴はどのタイミングで『雛見沢』の話題を出そうかと考えあぐねる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "当たり障りのない学校の話を振ったり、相づちを打ったりして場を和ませながら、巴はどのタイミングで『雛見沢』の話題を出そうかと考えあぐねる。",

> 			NULL, "Tomoe made small talk about safe topics like school while waiting for the right time to begin talking about \"Hinamizawa.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Tomoe made small talk about safe topics like school, while waiting for the right time to begin talking about \"Hinamizawa.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r不登校に対する注意なら、適度に見計らって家庭などの身の上相談に乗ればいい。…ただ、今回は捜査の一環として行う、夏美への訊き込みだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "不登校に対する注意なら、適度に見計らって家庭などの身の上相談に乗ればいい。…ただ、今回は捜査の一環として行う、夏美への訊き込みだ。",

> 			NULL, "If she were only here to reprimand her for skipping school, she would just bring up her own famly's history without going too far. ...But in this case, she was here to question Natsumi as part of her investigation.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "If she were only here to reprimand her for skipping school, she would just bring up her own family's history without going too far. ...But in this case, she was here to question Natsumi as part of her investigation.", Line_Normal);
```

//r何気なく無意識の質問だったが、さっきまでの和やかな表情を一気に凍りつかせて、夏美は再び縮こまる。そして、慌てて中を隠すようにその口を閉じた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "何気なく無意識の質問だったが、さっきまでの和やかな表情を一気に凍りつかせて、夏美は再び縮こまる。そして、慌てて中を隠すようにその口を閉じた。",

> 			NULL, "Even though it was a casual question, Natsumi shrank down again, and her peaceful expression from up until a moment ago froze away. She then quickly closed her mouth as if trying to hide it", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Even though it was a casual question, Natsumi shrank down again, and her peaceful expression from up until a moment ago froze away. She then quickly closed her mouth as if trying to hide it.", Line_Normal);
```
